---
layout: post
title:  LouisiANIME Terms of Service
description: LouisiANIME Terms of Service. A detailed enumeration of the rules and regulations you agree to in order to attend LouisiANIME as a vendor, artist, or attendee.
category: information
date: 2016-03-01
permalink: /tos/
---

Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By attending LouisiANIME you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. These terms and conditions are subject to change without notice, from time to time at our sole discretion. We will notify you of amendments to these terms and conditions by posting them to this website. Purchase of membership, Artist Alley table, or Vendor table at LouisiANIME, or volunteering for LouisiANIME in any capacity implies agreement with these term.

Artist Alley

ELIGIBILITY

The Artist Alley is a space reserved for artists and craftsmen interested in showcasing and selling their self-created items. Artist Alley is reserved for the sale of the artists original creations. The sale or resale of commercial merchandise or other artists creations is strictly prohibited.

GENERAL INFORMATION

Artist alley is located in the pre-function space of the convention floor. Each artist alley registration comes with (1) table and (1) badge. There are 18 artist alley spots to be sold on a first come, first serve basis.

All artists must be able to fit all items behind and underneath your table. Any artist found to overlap into another artist or space will be asked to adjust their space. Please contact us if you need more space and we will work something out space permitted.

PRICE

Artist Alley spaces cost $100.00 each. This includes 1 (one) badge and up to 2 (two) additional badges may be purchased at $35 prior to the close of pre-registration. After that date, you can purchase badges or at the convention registration desk. The registered artist is responsible for the space and any individuals at that table are under the responsibility of the registered artist. This includes if registered artist decides to share their space. No more than 2 people behind their table at the same time.

DATE/LOAD-IN

The convention dates are Friday, March 17, 2017 to Sunday, March 19, 2017. Load in date is Thursday March 16, 2017 at a to be determined time in the afternoon/evening. This is subject to change at any time. Each booth must be fully set-up and ready to start their business by Friday, March 17, 2017 at 11:00 am. If a vendor contacts LouisiANIME in advance, allowances for late set up may be made. All unclaimed tables at 2:00 PM are subject to redistribution with no refund unless prior arrangements for late arrival are made.

LOCATION

LouisiANIME Baton Rouge 2017 will be held at Baton Rouge Crowne Plaza, 4728 Constitution Ave, Baton Rouge, LA 70808

BOOTH CONFIRMATION

LouisiANIME will not accept partial deposits/payments. In order to confirm/reserve a space to LouisiANIME, the entire amount is due with the purchase. Partially completed forms will be returned to the Artist or Vendor

REFUNDS/CANCELLATIONS

Artist may cancel within ninety (90) days of the start of the event to receive a full refund minus administrative fees ($15.00). Within 30 days, no refunds will be offered.

ART OF LICENSED PROPERTIES

The artist may only have up to 20 copies of a single piece of art of licenses properties, unless that item is otherwise explicitly disallowed. This is also the standard by which the Artist Alley staff will define “mass production”. The total number of pieces of art of licensed properties sold may not exceed 200.

__ITEMS PROHIBITED FROM SALE WITHIN THE ARTIST ALLEY:__

Any work with copyrighted logos, regardless of whether or not the work is original. Mass produced prints of art depicting licensed characters. Buttons, pins, hats, or t-shirts bearing official character likenesses*. If an artist has, and can produce proof of, explicit permission from the copyright holder to use, then the items will be allowed. This will be determined at the discretion of the Department Head of The Artist Alley, in consultation with all other necessary parties. Recreation of any portion of official licensed art. Unlicensed or counterfeit merchandise of any kind (including but not limited to: videos recorded on blank videotapes with printed labels, homemade DVDs, pirated copies of any titles that have been released commercially in the United States, Japan, or elsewhere, titles taped off the air in Japan, and any fan-subs). Any posters, idol cards, etc., which have logos of unauthorized companies ( “Kodak” “Fuji”, etc. on the back). Unlicensed reproductions of any products released by an American company. Food, snacks or beverages are prohibited for Artist Alley. 2nd and 3rd party sales are not allowed. Props that are a replication of a copyrighted and/or licensed nature must be preapproved by LouisiANIME. There is to be a one (1) strike policy in regard to the LouisiANIME artist’s “Rules and Regulations”. After that one strike, all merchandise in the booth is to be removed from the building immediately at the owner’s expense. Merchandise removed will not be allowed to be transferred to another artist for re-sale. Any artist found to be hosting expelled artists merchandise will be expelled. A limit of one (1) initial warning may be issued at the Artist Manager’s discretion. Any adult-only material of a suggestive or explicit nature is not allowed to be sold. If the artist is uncertain if their art qualifies and brings it to the attention of the convention themselves, there will be no strike against the artist.

THEFT

Although we strive to provide a high level of security, LouisiANIME and Baton Rouge Crowne Plaza are not responsible for damage of loss to property, equipment, or personal vehicles, no matter the cause. We strongly recommend that you provide customers with receipts to avoid disputes.

TRADING

Trading booth spaces with another artist is not permitted unless handled by the Artist Alley Manger.

TAXATION

Artists are responsible for all local and state sales tax. Please have a copy of any legal paperwork required for your business operation on hand during the event, if local authorities ask for it.

INDEMNIFICATION, ARBITRATION, AND GOVERNING LAW

If LouisiANIME is held responsible for any misconduct committed by an artist LouisiANIME reserves the right to seek indemnification from that artist, including litigation costs. The exclusive remedy for any disputes arising under this contract is submission to the American Arbitration Association (AAA) for binding arbitration. Louisiana Law will apply.
